My major roles in our Waitlist App Project were to lead everyone and assign tasks. As far as working on the actual project, I had more experience in Xcode than others so I initiated the application, linked all libraries together, and created the connection between the app and our online real-time database. I am satisfied with my work as I laid out all parts clearly to my team members, and they followed the directions properly. With this, I was satisfied with my group's work as they learned the topics very quickly and were able to implement their ideas effectively. Yes, I think my team worked well together. We had constant contact through text messaging and everyone was timely with responses and pulling/pushing through Git. I am personally satisfied with our final project submission as we got a very simple prototype working. I wish we could get more features included such as Google Sign-In and get more users to test our application for more feedback. This project is definitely a worthwhile experience as it gave us more exposure to working in teams which is what the real world will be about. It also taught us how to use Github because I did not have any experience with it before this class. Per week, I put in about 2-3 hours on this project. I wish I could have contributed more, but other classwork to complete was an obstacle. If I could do the semester over, I would probably have more meetings constantly and assign more specialized tasks to each team member. I would also get more involved with my target audience to see what they really want from the project so it is more useful. Using this feedback, our team could align our goals to what the people would like so that this project could potentially make it to the market.
